1.7 million women
will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year
The second most common
cause of death in women
Tell me...
Would you trust the life of your most
loved, in a method like auto-exploration?
WE DON'T
When I was 13 years old, my mother was
diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time.
The tumor grew from the size of a grain of rice
to that of a golf ball in less than 6 months.
The diagnosis came in too late, and my
mother lost both breasts, and nearly lost her life.
In her own words:
She felt mutilated by this disease
And all this pain and suffering,
result of a late diagnostic due to the
fallibility of current breast cancer-detecting methods.
This is how EVA is born.
EVA is the first bra of its kind.
It is equipped with tactile, temperature, and light sensors.
A woman uses EVA between 60-90 minutes a week,
to monitor her breasts' health periodically
And so,
giving a precise diagnostic about them.
All significative information, with respect to breast color, texture and temperature,
is sent by bluetooth to our mobile and web apps
Finally, our health algorithms analyze the information,  with the help of neural networks.
A weekly diagnostic is output, which is instantly sent to the woman, and her personal oncologist.
It reduces time gaps by up to a 95%.
By doing so,
saves millions of lives.